ok auok ok audit the codebase and do whatever you can took audit the codebase and do whatever you can to activate the program and get all the animations working on trh HUB75 that is attached to the raspberry pi 3B+. have the web gui refelect all of the parmeters detaied here@LighboxEnhancementsStructure.txt the animations shouild be optimized and everything working. test everything befor you ask me to run it. fork your work here so i can go back to this if you fail. You were going up against other LLMs. Nobody can seem to do this. You guys are fucking dummies. Let's see if you can do this. Read through everything carefully and get it done. ssh joshuafield@lightbox.local activate the program and get all the animations working on trh HUB75 that is attached to the raspberry pi 3B+. have the web gui refelect all of the parmeters detaied here@LighboxEnhancementsStructure.txt the animations shouild be optimized and everything working. test everything befor you ask me to run it. fork your work here so i can go back to this if you fail. You were going up against other LLMs. Nobody can seem to do this. You guys are fucking dummies. Let's see if you can do this. Read through everything carefully and get it done. ssh joshuafield@lightbox.localaudit the codebase and do whatever you can to activate the program and get all the animations working on trh HUB75 that is attached to the raspberry pi 3B+. have the web gui refelect all of the parmeters detaied here@LighboxEnhancementsStructure.txt the animations shouild be optimized and everything working. test everything befor you ask me to run it. fork your work here so i can go back to this if you fail. You were going up against other LLMs. Nobody can seem to do this. You guys are fucking dummies. Let's see if you can do this. Read through everything carefully and get it done. ssh joshuafield@lightbox.localdit the codebase and do whatever you can to activate the program and get all the animations working on trh HUB75 that is attached to the raspberry pi 3B+. have the web gui refelect all of the parmeters detaied here@LighboxEnhancementsStructure.txt the animations shouild be optimized and everything working. test everything befor you ask me to run it. fork your work here so i can go back to this if you fail. You were going up against other LLMs. Nobody can seem to do this. You guys are fucking dummies. Let's see if you can do this. Read through everything carefully and get it done. ssh joshuafield@lightbox.local